The greatest threat that's coming involves the purchasing panic
that has already begun. It's just the beginning of it.
And it's gonna continue over the next number of days, weeks,
and months and away that has never before been seen in the history of mankind.
You are, you are about to witness the wealthiest nation on earth,
buy everything.
<laugh> it's not funny what I've witnessed in the last few days at Costco and
the grocery store, as well as talking to friends I have from across the country,
what's happening now is about to become a very big deal and it's gonna become an
even bigger deal than the coronavirus itself I would argue. So, and,
and regardless of whether you've think all these people that are stocking up on
food and toilet paper,
regardless of whether you think that that's silly and that these people are
overreacting, I'm here to tell you right now that,
that no longer that that's irrelevant because so many people are now doing
it.
And those numbers are only going to increase and there's no sign in sight of it
slowing down. Let me give you some examples. We all I'll see on the news before,
say a hurricane's coming and there'll be people in, in that region,
flooding the grocery store lines,
really deep people buying water and canned food.
But that's like with a few days of advanced notice of, Hey, the storm's coming,
it's gonna make landfall here. And then within a week,
things are back to normal. Mine is the cleanup.
The thing is with this coronavirus,
regardless of how bad or deadly you think it is,
it's not gonna slow down in that for the next number of weeks,
or even within a few months, this will continue to spread.
And every day that a new celebrity or public figure is diagnosed with it,
more and more people are gonna go to the store.
I was at Costco on Thursday here in Boise, Idaho at 2:00 PM.
And look at these photos,
which don't do it justice because they don't show the lines that are wrapping
around. I couldn't believe what I was seeing.
So many carts that were full to the brim of people loading up. Now,
let me also quickly mention that the cashier,
the himself said that this is as busi or busier than the day before Thanksgiving
or Christmas, which I already knew cuz I out with my own eyes.
My other friend that lives in Austin, Texas was at a Costco that same day,
that morning. And the cashier said the same exact thing.
Another person in California,
same exact thing at a Costco slammed like the day before Thanksgiving.
This is happening everywhere throughout the United States. Um,
I was also at my local grocery store here in Boise, Friday at 3:00 PM.
And Albertson's by my house, which is a low volume store, this particular one.
And I couldn't believe what I was seeing. People's carts were full to the brim.
If you look at here, of course the toilet paper was gone.
I think everyone has already seen or heard this.
The toilet paper has been sold out everywhere. Bleach almost all gone. Uh,
and let me just quickly say that people buying water, that's a waste.
Don't buy water. I'm gonna tell you later in this video, exactly what to buy,
but there's no reason to be stocking up on water because there's no reason to
suggest or think that the city water pumps are gonna shut down or get
contaminated. And even if they were,
you can boil your water or if you get pure nonsense,
bleach eight drops will purify one gallon of drinking water do not waste
your energy. Buying water by various canned foods,
rice and beans like lentils, which is a high percentage of protein.
And the reason why I'm telling you to stock up is because now that we know that
this is gonna continue, regardless of how bad it actually gets,
regardless of how small the percentage of the population is that does get it or
doesn't get it or dies from it. This purchasing panic is going to accelerate.
Like I just mentioned,
and you have to be prepared that if you have to self quarantine,
because you should anticipate getting it, you're all, we're all getting it guys.
Vast majority of us will get it.
You have to be able to that you can stay inside your home for a few weeks. Also,
let me show you something.
Or let me say that other countries are doing these vast lockdowns,
whether it's in Italy or even look at France,
here's an article and the us media isn't covering it. But this is today.
Literally March 14th,
Saturday mass protests of thousands of people in Paris because they don't
wanna be on lockdown. I don't know all the details,
but here's a short 22nd video clip to paint you a picture. Here we go.
So here's my point.
As this continues to grow in the next coming weeks and maybe month here in the
United States, it's gonna start slow, but then it's gonna skyrocket.
Then you're gonna have various leaders that are gonna have to make decisions
because they can't just sit around and do nothing with their hands in the
pockets and look like fools while this epidemic pandemics going on.
So there may be lockdowns in major cities, whether it's LA, Chicago, Atlanta,
New York, whatever, if that happens,
if you are forced to be inside your home for weeks on end and you have not
stocked up on food.
I wonder if that has anything to do with a protest or if people just think that
it's being blown outta proportion again,
the biggest now is the supply chain. So depending on how bad it does get,
you may see. And the reason I'm sharing this is because if these events,
if what I'm about to share with you does happen.
You will have a warning of just how significant this is gonna get.
But if you see various domestic fights, get shut down,
you may see all domestic fights get shut down,
cuz it may start with up major airports, LA O'Hare, Atlanta, Chicago,
or that is O'Hare New York, Honolulu, Seattle, stuff like that. If that happens,
you may have governors begin to shut down borders. And if they do that,
you will witness a terrible fallout from the supply chain that
will already be stressed. Because again, as I show you these pictures,
as you're seeing mark my words come next week,
today's Saturday the 14th come next week. You will see in the news, holy crap,
this and everybody was buying stuff.
Cuz I went by my same Albertons again this morning to buy bananas.
And it was at nine 30 in the morning when it normally slow there and the pace
was packed. Well, almost packed.
The parking lot was full and people were buying loads of food.
So what I'm saying is that regardless of how silly all that sounds guys,
the events that are absolutely coming,
which we know that the virus is gonna continue to spread because guess what?
I don't care what you heard on TV by someone saying that, oh,
it should probably go away.
When summer comes around the warmer months when the flu season typically ends,
one experts have already debunked that.
And let me tell you very logically that you can think for yourself an example of
how you know that that's,
which is that right now it is summer in the Southern hemisphere.
Notice you don't hear anybody anywhere talking about, well, Hey wait a second.
We know it's gonna to go away in the summertime cuz just look at the Southern
hemisphere. There's no coronavirus there. <laugh> there is.
So that's how you know that that's bull crap.
So for the coming weeks and months, at least a few months,
this will continue to spread. And again,
because I know a lot of people are saying it's not as deadly as the regular flu.
Well, hold on a second.
It is about to be it's estimated that it's gonna be 10 to fifth time,
bit 10 to 15 times worse this year than all flu deaths expected because the
numbers are going to skyrocket.
The mortality rate of the coronavirus is approximately 2%.
The flu is just under 1%. The coronavirus is more contagious.
So even though it started small,
it's going to eventually hit this curve where it's gonna skyrocket.
And I fact that that is gonna be in the next few weeks or inside or
approximately a month from now. I don't know this. I'm not a freaking doctor.
Okay.
What I do know is that it's a numbers game and these numbers are about to go up.
So regardless of how bad you wanna debate that it is,
it's almost irrelevant because it's,
it's all relative on based on the reaction of it, how many people are buying,
how much stuff in depleting the stores and how long you may have to wait inside.
If one, you have to self quarantine and two,
if there's some sort of lockdown which may happen. And if that happens,
there are going to be the haves and there are gonna be the have nots picture,
hurricane Katrina for a second. It's a different example.
It was an isolated region while it was large,
but different circumstances as we know,
but within a few days of the collapse of the system and alluding and people not
having stuff they need, there was some chaos. Now let me just say,
I do not anticipate one, that all these borders are gonna get shut down.
I do not anticipate mass civil instability,
but going back to that clip in Paris that I just showed you,
it's fair to say that a lot of Americans, most Americans will not prep for this.
That's what people, most people don't prep at all.
And then all of a sudden when they realize that there's these quarantines and
that things are being put up,
cities are being put on lockdown and they haven't supplied themselves.
Many people will rebel they'll they'll riot.
They'll go to try and steal from others. And, and again,
I'm not suggesting there's be mass civil instability,
but there is absolute the likelihood that in some areas,
for some brief moments of time that you have the losers, the dumb,
violent people out there that didn't prep it all that will instead grab their
weapon and they will try and take from someone else that always happens.
That is what people do,
even though a very small fraction of the population would do that.
It's always enough people to create some issues and you don't want,
you don't want that to be you.
So you also wanna protect yourself and you know what I mean by that? Um,
alright. So let me also say I, I said I would look at my notes. Okay.
Here's what you really freaking need to know about this via is that the numbers
are showing that a lot of people that are dying,
aren't just elderly in the weak they're people in their,
this is data from around the world. Now people in,
in their forties are dying and their smokers or obese.
If you are a smoker, cuz you need to keep in mind,
the people are suffering pneumonia and other complications of the lungs because
of the coronavirus. It's not the coronavirus itself. It's killing you.
It's what comes after. If you are a smoker or a vapor,
whether it's tobacco or the good four 20,
you need to go cold Turkey right now you need healthy
lungs. And within a short period of time, days and weeks,
your lungs will rebound incredibly fast in your immune will skyrocket.
So speaking of immune,
you need to start altering your diets to include foods that are known to
increase your immune system, not just vitamin C, but garlic, avocado,
red peppers, mushroom onion, dark green vegetables, spinach, broccoli. Um,
and there's others Google this, um,
and start implementing that to your daily diet. Also,
if you're a big time drinker,
if you drink on a regular basis or if you like to go out and get hammered on the
weekends and do up the bars,
you should stay away from that because timing is everything.
And the last thing you want is to get in contact with the coronavirus,
which again, you should expect to get the numbers,
show that most people will get it, um, over time.
And the last thing you wanna do is contact and get that crap after a long
weekend of drinking. Think about that.
So cut that crap outta your diet now, I guess. Oh,
and let me also point out that the doctor who exposed the coronavirus to the
world and was silenced by the Chinese government. Um,
if you're not aware he died because of the coronavirus, he was 34 years old,
but he was a smoker. Again,
what I witnessed at the gross restore was I've never seen anything like it when
I witnessed at Costco. And this is just the first few days.
And just think guys, regardless again of how bad you think this is,
or isn't gonna be,
what we do know is that it's gonna continue for the foreseeable future at least
for a few months, probably longer guys. Um,
and so every day more and more people will be like, all right,
I need to buy stuff. The supply chain is limited.
I'm not suggesting for a second that people are gonna start starving to death,
especially in the United States.
But like your life could be incredibly inconvenience that you're used to going
to the store, fast food.
And you should anticipate that things are gonna start closing schools.
So you're gonna have a lot more people that will be eating from home as opposed
to at school, like they're used to, you may have movie theaters and restaurants,
clothes. So like things are gonna, it's gonna stack on top of each other.
The issues is what I'm trying to say.
So if you're gonna suck up and rice and beans do not forget to buy iodized salt,
you need iodine in your body. And as a westerner, American,
whatever our food already has it, you don't need it. Google.
What happens if you don't have enough iodine in your system,
look at the pictures. You don't want that.
So if you're relying on staple food like rice and beans, you need iodized, salt,
buy a couple of them. No other thing, if you're going to,
don't be a piece of, human and buy everything.
Especially if you're looking to sell it for profit,
like all these that are buying toilet paper and they're just selling it for
massive profit, don't be a piece of. Human. Look out for your fellow, man,
your brother, your neighbor. Don't like, this is like God people. Ugh.
Yeah. So yeah. Don't oh, and don't forget pet food. Don't forget pet food.
Because again guys, this might all sound like panic. This might sound like,
okay, he's being silly. He is overreacting. No like again,
everyone else is already doing it or not. Everyone enough people.
And then it's gonna increase with every day that new stories and headlines come
out. So like it,
it's not gonna be undone and gonna continue for the foreseeable future.
So the last thing you want to be is one of the, have nots, just get ahead of it,
buy an appropriate amount. I recommend a few months worth. Honestly,
I bought a few months worth of dog food, which wasn't cheap cuz they're two,
100 pound German shepherds, but Hey, I'm looking out for them.
I bought a few months worth of various canned foods, rice beans, broth, uh,
of cliff bars and other things like that. Um, and I feel good.
I now have the peace of mind that says, Hey, if Jimmy gets coronavirus,
which I am anticipating, I'm not gonna stop going to the gym or going out,
I'm gonna live my life. So I believe that I will survive it.
I I'm optimistic that I'm healthy enough and I'll bounce back.
So I'll just quarantine myself in my house. I'm not going to the hospital.
And that's another thing. If you start to feel a little sick, look,
I may be careful of what I say here,
but don't just go to the fricking hospital because there's only gonna be so many
medical supplies. Like if you are somebody that's at risk, then go.
But if you're just a healthy person, like guys, they recommend just drinking.
Lots of fluid, eat well and vitamins.
And like that's all they can do unless you're like you all,
you already have other health issues. So be careful on that.
Don't exhaust the medical supply either. Don't exhaust the grocery store,
don't exhaust everything or anything. Be, be good about it. So anyways,
I'm gonna wrap this up. I said everything. I think I can say bless everybody.
Um, again, whether you think this is a big panic and overreaction or not,
it's already, <affirmative> doesn't matter because enough people are doing it,
which means that now you have to worry about it cuz panic or not,
you only have so much food in your house. And if, uh, this accelerates,
which it will, it's gonna get worse before it gets better,
then you're gonna have to worry about just planning your meals out.
So think about that. Anyways guys, my name's Jimmy,
my channel's called bright insight. Uh, um, yeah,
take care of everybody. I have. I'm working another video,
which I expect to have out before the end of March.
Hopefully it'll be on the ancients should be an interesting video.
So I'll leave it at that. I hope this information helps you leave a comment,
share what your thoughts are. Take care of everybody.